README.md, before:

[![build](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/admiringworm/wormies-au-helpers?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/admiringWorm/wormies-au-helpers) [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/WormieCorp/Wormies-AU-Helpers.svg)](https://github.com/WormieCorp/Wormies-AU-Helpers/blob/master/LICENSE)

# Chocolatey Automatic Package Updater Helper Module

This PowerShell module implements functions that can be used to make maintaining packages with AU even easier.

To Learn more about AU, please refer to their relevant [documentation](https://github.com/majkinetor/au/wiki)

## Features
- Ability to push out fix versions for both 4-part versions and pre-release versions by calling a single function.
- Ability to easily get the url that is being redirected to.
- Ability to update either a single or multiple metadata elements

## Installation

Wormies-AU-Helpers requires a minimally PowerShell version 3: `$host.Version -ge '3.0'`.

To install it, use one of the following methods:
- PowerShell Gallery: [`Install-Module wormies-au-helpers`](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Wormies-AU-Helpers)
- Chocolatey: [`choco install wormies-au-helpers`](https://chocolatey.org/packages/wormies-au-helpers)
- MyGet: [`choco install wormies-au-helpers --source https://www.myget.org/F/wormie-nugets --pre`](https://www.myget.org/feed/wormie-nugets/package/nuget/wormies-au-helpers)
- [Download](https://com/WormieCorp/Wormies-AU-Helpers/releases/latest) latest 7z package, or latest build [artifact](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/admiringworm/wormies-au-helpers/build/artifacts)

Commit message:

(docs) Updated build status in Readme.md

README.md, after:

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/6xm2ci85fnpxf8g2?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/AdmiringWorm/wormies-au-helpers) [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/WormieCorp/Wormies-AU-Helpers.svg)](https://github.com/WormieCorp/Wormies-AU-Helpers/blob/master/LICENSE)

# Chocolatey Automatic Package Updater Helper Module

This PowerShell module implements functions that can be used to make maintaining packages with AU even easier.

To Learn more about AU, please refer to their relevant [documentation](https://github.com/majkinetor/au/wiki)

## Features
- Ability to push out fix versions for both 4-part versions and pre-release versions by calling a single function.
- Ability to easily get the url that is being redirected to.
- Ability to update either a single or multiple metadata elements

Please read our documentation for an overall view of the functions available:
<https://wormiecorp.github.io/Wormies-AU-Helpers/docs/>

## Installation

Wormies-AU-Helpers requires a minimally PowerShell version 3: `$host.Version -ge '3.0'`.

To install it, use one of the following methods:
- PowerShell Gallery: [`Install-Module wormies-au-helpers`](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/Wormies-AU-Helpers)
- Chocolatey: [`choco install wormies-au-helpers`](https://chocolatey.org/packages/wormies-au-helpers)
- MyGet: [`choco install wormies-au-helpers --source https://www.myget.org/F/wormie-nugets --pre`](https://www.myget.org/feed/wormie-nugets/package/nuget/wormies-au-helpers)
- [Download](https://com/WormieCorp/Wormies-AU-Helpers/releases/latest) latest 7z package, or latest build [artifact](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/admiringworm/wormies-au-helpers/build/artifacts)
